Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2014 English-language science fiction
action film called 'Autómata'.
The film was directed by Gabe Ibáñez.
There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed
with caution.
Solar flares irradiate the Earth around 20
years before the storyline takes place, killing
almost 99 percent of the world's inhabitants.
The survivors congregate in a network of safe
towns and construct crude humanoid robots
known as Pilgrims to assist in the reconstruction
and operation of the hostile environment.
These robots must follow two unalterable protocols:
they must not damage any form of life, and
they must not repair, modify, or alter themselves
or other robots in any manner.
Initially viewed as mankind's saviour, they
are condemned to physical work after they
fail to halt desertification from progressing.
Apart from the Pilgrims, society has deteriorated
owing to a lack of technology, as a lack of
working planes or other modes of transportation
hinders movement, automobiles are a rare commodity,
and mankind is on the verge of extinction.
In 2044, Jacq Vaucan, an insurance investigator
for ROC, the Pilgrims' manufacturer, examines
a report from Wallace, a police officer who
claims to have shot a robot that was altering
itself.
As Jacq searches for a robot suspected of
stealing parts, he finds himself outside of
the city.
It sets itself on fire when he discovers it
inside a cargo container.
As he and his crew dismantle the burnt robot
to examine what was inside, they uncover a
rare nuclear battery capable of powering a
robot eternally.
They are able to re-power the robot, but it
burns out again when he asks why it set itself
on fire.
Jacq recovers the remains and informs his
employer, Robert, that the second protocol
may be overridden by a "clocksmith," a person
who illegally alters robots.
Robert, who is sceptical, dismisses this idea
but promises Jacq a move out of the city if
he can uncover proof.
Jacq's pregnant wife first opposes his ideas,
but gradually changes her mind.
When Jacq and Wallace go to a brothel, they
come upon Cleo, a modified robot that Wallace
shoots in the leg.
When Jacq disagrees, Wallace claims that Cleo's
owner would take them to the clocksmith; Wallace
also threatens to murder Jacq if he does not
divide the battery's black market earnings
with him.
Cleo's owner leads Jacq to a clocksmith named
Dr. Dupré, who swears he has no idea who
tampered with Cleo, a move that would destroy
Cleo's CPU.
Jacq takes the burned robot's CPU and promises
to give her the battery if she can find out
more about the clocksmith.
Cleo begins self-repairing when Dupré instals
the updated CPU.
ROC intercepts Jacq's communication and sends
a team of assassins to Dupré's lab; nevertheless,
ROC intercepts Jacq's message and sends a
team of assassins to Dupré's lab.
Dupré is slain, but Jacq manages to flee
in Cleo's car.
When Cleo leads them into a tangle of stanchions,
both cars collide, killing the assassins and
injuring Jacq.
Cleo leads Jacq into the desert with her,
where they are joined by three other robots
who refuse to follow Jacq's commands.
The first procedure, on the other hand, requires
them to keep him alive.
Jacq contacts Robert, who dispatches Wallace
to bring him back to the city so he may be
with his pregnant wife.
Wallace threatens Jacq's life and murders
two of the robots who protest to his conduct;
Jacq kills Wallace with a flare pistol before
he can also kill Cleo.
After stealing a battery from one of the robots,
Wallace's companion departs.
Robert's boss reveals that the first Pilgrim's
precursor was a quantum mind built without
any security procedures or artificial limits
on its processing capability.
Its creators entrusted it with developing
the security procedures that control Pilgrims
before deactivating it.
No one has been able to breach the Pilgrim
security measures, according to Robert's employer,
since they were established by the unfettered
quantum mind, and ROC intentionally limited
the computing capabilities of every future
AI.
Before the robots grow beyond human comprehension,
ROC orders Robert to join a team intended
to murder Jacq and the mysterious clocksmith.
Conway, the commander, kills Robert and leaves
him for dead after he protests to their kidnapping
Jacq's wife and young girl.
Meanwhile, Jacq encounters the robot that
is responsible for the others' modifications.
The robot claims that he and the other robots
intend to travel to a radioactive location
where humans are forbidden to travel.
Jacq, who was initially suspicious, finally
believes that the robot, like mankind, developed
spontaneously.
Jacq offers them his batteries after a series
of philosophical arguments, which they use
to finish a new creation, a dog/insect robot.
Jacq's car is repaired by the robots, and
he departs towards the city.
Conway smashes two of the four robots when
he arrives to the robot base.
Conway wounds Cleo and kills the advanced
robot as Jacq discovers the dying Robert and
returns to the outpost.
All ROC assassins are killed save Conway,
who is further injured in the struggle.
Conway is about to murder Jacq when the new
robot saves his life by shoving him down a
cliff.
When Jacq is reunited with his family, he
overcomes his mistrust of the uncontrolled
robot and joins them on their journey to the
shore, while Cleo and the new robot travel
further into the radioactive desert, where
no humans can follow them.
When they get to the coast, they witness the
water and learn that the Earth is healing
and that humanity still has hope.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.